Let's welcome out our Game Master, Spencer Crittenden to everybody please.
What you got in that bag?
Oh, school supplies and pencil shavings.
Let's bring out a mayor, shall we?
His name is Dan Harmon.
Happy New Year.
It's good to be back.
I really missed you guys.
We missed each other.
I missed doing this.
Yay.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, keep the beat going.
Keep the beat going.
I really missed doing this as much as your mama's face.
Now cut the beat off.
Cut the beat off.
Okay.
Wait.
Bring the beat back.
Ah, fuck pussy.
Yeah, do it more like an Iron Maiden, like more like rock and roll.
Ah, I get power from the devil when I eat your pussy.
I couldn't be more masculine than I am in the eyes of the awesome ball when I eat your
pussy.
The section of the abdomen that is located in us.
Get out of here, egghead.
I'm sorry.
Ah, pussy.
You invited me to the recording.
Get out of here.
I want to eat pussy.
Now do the iced tea filling like me.
It's not business.
It's personal when I eat your pussy business.
Come on.
Cut the beat off.
What is MC Gunn?
Control, think about eating pussy.
Yeah.
Gun control.
No, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
All right.
Welcome back, everybody.
God damn it.
Like, you know, all the fantasies you have in your head of like, let's start doing the
podcast again.
That just all goes to shit.
In the first five seconds, do this, do that.
Well, now we did it.
Now it's all, I'm back to being jaded again.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I got engaged.
Yeah.
It's so cool.
I had always said, you know, obviously as a divorcee, like a lot of you kids can't relate
to this.
Like, like, I'm sure there are a ton of people in the theater.
That are on their third marriage, but it's L.A. after all.
And I endorse you.
Like, I think, like, use marriage as an expression.
Like, express yourself.
Like, let me see what you do when you're eighth marriage.
But I think the typical person is like, no, marriage is for keeps.
And that's why I hate it or I love it or whatever.
I never saw myself as a divorcee.
I loved my wife.
Like, I proposed to my lovely, lovely wife, my partner, my best friend.
We were together for a probably record minimum amount of time before we were like, whoa,
mistake.
And, but I always, I was like, I would say to Cody, like, look, you want to put a ring
on this finger, like do it.
But the one thing I can't do is be like, will you also marry me?
That seems problematic because it's like the proposal is coming from the one guy that's
like, look, you're already established that your opinion of who should be married is flawed.
Is this logic not tracking?
Like, don't get married and then get divorced.
My therapist said the same thing, which is not really because it's disrespecting your
cut.
I'm like, well, no, fucking, you got to do it this time.
But Cody proposed to you on this one, right?
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Is that I'm like, yeah, I'll hold out for that.
Does she like get down on the knee into the whole thing?
Yeah, she did.
She almost drowned.
It was because it was in Tahini and she was, she picked her spot and she did the thing and
she had rehearsed it and she was up to her neck in water and she proposed to me.
I knew it was coming eventually, but I didn't know it was coming there.
Are you going to take the name Heller or are you going to keep Harmon?
I think, selfishly, I would like to take the name Heller because I would like to die.
I've been through this whole thing.
I consider this very therapeutic.
Like, a woman got down on her knee and said, blub, blub, blub, blub, blub.
Would you marry me?
And I was like, only fuck, I knew this was happening, I knew this was happening.
And then I'm like, holy shit, it's happening now.
And then I'm like, honestly, to be honest and share with you, this is not a binary decision
you make.
However, it gets reduced if somebody says to you at the halftime show of a thing.
You're like, the alternative is no, I won't marry you.
There's a little bit of a push there where you're like, yeah, of course.
First and foremost, yes and.
But there's a processor in the back of your head where you're like, what's happening?
How is this going to work?
So your UCB training kicked in at this point?
Of course.
I think everyone's UCB training kicks in.
Everyone doesn't need UCB training.
That was the start of a thing in my Tahitian vacation where I was like in the background,
I didn't share this with Cody at all.
I shared it with my therapist, but I was like, every day since I said yes to this proposal,
I had been confronting this anxiety.
Or I was like, a woman just proposed to you and you said yes.
And what have you given up?
What are you doing?
What's going on?
And it made me kind of like go through these thoughts in my head where I was like, well,
first of all, now I can get as fat as I want.
But then counter that I was like, no, you now have to get thinner than you've ever been.
There's a voice from down here somewhere where he's not saying anything that I disagree with,
but your license to speak is too liberal.
Curtail it.
It's distracting me.
But even though you're saying exactly everything I'm thinking, fuck you, silence.
Free speech zone is in my butt.
Get up my butt, sir.
I started thinking in my head.
It was like an emotional thing where I was like, oh shit, when a guy proposes to a woman,
the guy, it doesn't matter, remove all of your politics about who pays for what and all this stuff.
The bottom line is that a guy is thinking about it and then buying a ring, which is what Cody had to do.
And it's just that power of when you hit the buzzer.
I knew Cody was going to propose to me.
I was in love with her.
I wanted her to propose to me.
I didn't know it was going to happen then.
But that makes it no, like, it was like, she gets to hit the buzzer in the game show of like, we're married.
She told me, she's like, should I?
I don't want to hear that you got to weigh in.
That's awful.
I told her don't do it.
Okay, all right.
But it was like, and I was like, there was this thing of anxiety hanging over me.
I don't know how much of it had to do with the fact that like, look, I've been married and I fucked it up.
I don't know how to do this.
What would you have proposed to her if she hadn't done it?
Well, I don't know if I would have.
I told her, I told everybody within shouting range.
I was like, look, I love marriage.
So I proposed to my ex-wife.
It didn't work out so good.
Therefore, what right do I have to, it felt like, it's like, what does it mean for me to get out?
What does it mean for me to get on one knee and say, hey, you know what?
I got a feeling.
This one's blue.
It's sort of like, to me, there's an elephant in that room where it's like, yeah, but what do you know?
You're divorced.
You're the one guy in this exchange that doesn't know whether or not you should be proposing to someone.
You already did it.
And it was always an open joke between me and Cody.
And she was like, what if I ever proposed to you?
I'm like, the day you proposed to me, you get an automatic guess.
I love you.
I want to be with you for the rest of my life.
But that's sort of what all couples are, in a sense.
Hopefully, there's not a lot of couples where someone's like, by the way, shoulder get off the pot.
And it's like, oh, fuck, oh, god.
We perceive it that way, but the truth is that it's more of a continuum.
And so that's why I said, of course I said yes, because of course the answer is yes.
And then for the next two days, unbeknownst to Cody, I was sort of like, in my head, it was like, why do I feel uneasy?
And the answer is, because this wasn't, I didn't, I'm missing the way you miss your wallet or your keys.
I'm missing my agency.
It's not like this isn't what I wanted.
It's just that I didn't.
I'm like, I've been shocked, like, cord of like something that doesn't protect me anyway.
It doesn't matter.
I didn't want it, but I was like, it's gone.
I didn't even know I wanted it.
And then I started to think in my head.
I was like, why don't you run through some exercises?
Like, what's your worst nightmare?
I was like, OK, well, I've been taken.
So it's my job to serve this woman for the rest of my life.
And that actually kind of made me start.
Like, I was sort of like, like, I was thinking in my head, it was like, what if you were like property?
What if you had been taken?
What if you had no agency?
What if somebody had looked at you and said, I want that?
And you were like, OK, I'll, OK, I'll let you take that.
And like, I don't want you to leave me.
So I guess I'd better be on my toes from now on, as opposed to this other.
I wonder if any woman here could relate to that feeling.
That's my point.
I was sort of like in doses.
I was sort of like subjecting myself.
And the more I pushed the weird dystopian narrative where it was like, what if you actually were just a slave?
What if you were a servant?
What is your nightmare?
What is the worst thing?
What do we fear about?
What do these symbols represent?
Ring on your finger.
Like, ring on my finger.
I'm doing this.
I take that.
My father pays for this.
He gives you away.
All this transactional stuff.
And then thinking about my part of it and going like, what if I was like a damsel?
What if I, yeah.
It came out, I liked it.
I was like, oh, like, yeah, this is the good side of the equality thing.
Like, yeah, fucking, I don't want to deal with this shit.
Like, doesn't every guy want, like, aren't incels, like, aren't incels complaining about, like,
don't, like, they, like, how come women aren't just giving me sex?
Like, do you think they'd be happy if, like, we lived in a world where women could, like, walk up to them and go like, you, incel.
I choose you.
I like your cheekbones.
Can you make breakfast?
Would they be willing to, like, meet them halfway a little bit?
Because according to their website, no, they don't.
They want a world where, like, women are, like, you can get them in the mail and stuff.
But somewhere in the middle there is, like, partnership where it's like, oh, me?
Like, which I really, I really like that feeling.
All right, let's move on to something else.
Thank you for congratulating me on my engagement.
Happy 2019.
Yes, I will.
Happy life.
I will take her, I will take her name because I kind of don't like Dan Harmon anymore.
It won't be because I'm, like, a feminist.
It'll be because I don't like myself.
It'll be me conveniently going like, oh, that guy that sexually harassed my lady and apologized for it on NPR.
But he's dead.
I'll just be like, Dan Heller's in the house.
Like, I kind of like that idea.
Like, let's call it Heller Town and let's...
Also, yeah.
You won't have to change your monogram on your towels.
Still DH.
The people that really respect me have only ever called me DH.
That's the bottom line.
Like, when you see Judd Appetite walking down the road, you go, hey, DH.
Nothing changes.
He gets it.
Wait, so do you guys think you're going to get married?
No, she's so lazy.
It'll be a million years.
She was so excited about proposing to a guy and making him...
Like, she'll be...
I bet.
I'll be honest.
I was stunned by the feminist triumph.
I was really taken aback.
That's all she wanted. She's done.
That's the thing.
I was like, I don't even know how to feel about this.
Now, if we get married, do you want to...
Yeah, it'll be five years from now.
Rob Schrab will be officiating.
We'll be in Death Valley between two rocks.
Like, it'll be...
There'll be eight people there.
I love each other so much that you just name each other Schrab.
You become Dan and Cody Schrab.
That could be good.
Yeah, I am...
Prove your love.
I would love to prove my love.
Okay, let's talk about some stuff.
Happy New Year. It's been such a long time.
Okay.
A loud, sneezing family on boat.
That sounds like a hot one.
Let's start with that one.
I want to hear about that.
Okay, there was a fucking insanely loud, sneezing family.
As we came back from Tahiti,
we went to this island.
We got on the return boat.
You got to go back to the...
Your dream is over.
It's time to stop.
You got to go back home now.
You're getting back on the boat,
and you're back on the boat with whoever else's dream is expired.
And there was this family.
And they were just like...
They were from Dallas.
I gleaned that.
But Cody was like,
what is the point of a sneeze
if you haven't sneezed yet?
Because there was this person back there.
We didn't...
And they were just like,
they were just sneezing so much.
And the only funny part of the story
is that we went through what we perceived
as this whole journey.
We were like, we're trying to get back home.
And Americans are...
I experienced just a small taste of...
I think we're a little privileged
because we were in the middle of...
The kknave. of the world where...
English is not exactly...
It's not like everyone's panicking
if they don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Where it's like...
I don't think I've ever traveled outside of the American hegemony.
And I...
Going to Tahiti,
you kind of enter a French hegemony
where it's like,
look, everyone speaks English,
we get it.
And the truth is,
I am a property of
French hegemony.
So I have a French accent
and I will speak to you in French
because you're this first world person.
If you're like, I don't know French,
you're like, can I play Minecraft in my room?
And they're like, who the fuck are you?
You're a monster.
The airports are like speaking French
over speakers.
Imagine that nightmare.
Imagine an airport that didn't speak English.
I'm like...
I was like, holy shit.
No wonder everyone just crowds the gate
instead of letting me take my first class seat.
The reason I bring it up
is because there was this family
that like,
they were just like,
hachoo, hachoo, hachoo.
This guy was like, kept sneezing
and coding here,
going through all this shit and we're like,
I don't know, whatever.
It's all good.
I don't know what's happening.
Did you forget your name called on an airport?
Terrifying.
I'm sorry, you're very excited.
You're like, no.
Nobody's name is...
All right.
Happened to me once? Scary.
When I was traveling with you guys...
Spencer Crittenden, will you come up?
Mr. Crandon, report to the thing for whatever.
And you're like, aren't you thinking like...
I gotta run. I gotta get out of here.
Oh my god, let me, oh my god.
I'm interfering with the operation of the fucking thing.
So like, now imagine
like a...
Like a French airport.
Right.
I just don't know
where the parody begins
and the satire ends.
I just keep
buttoning it up.
You're like a ventriloquist dummy
in a Twilight Zone movie.
Am I supposed to throw you across the room?
Is it going to turn out that I was you the whole time?
Whoa.
Just take it easy.
Just watch.
Just watch and just take it easy.
No one can hear what you're referring to.
Oh, really?
Well, there's a guy in the first row
that keeps saying things that are not...
They're fine.
I'll go, hey, I don't get shoes.
And I'll be like, the left one or the right one?
All right.
So there's a voice.
It's like...
I'm so confused.
I'm like...
And I'm like...
Jeff did a thing.
$5.
No, but that's so terrifying.
It's in another language.
All right.
So what happened?
What are you doing?
I was creating magical comedy.
No.
Jeff Davis.
I'm trying to connect with people.
You're doing great.
You're doing admirably given the
circumstance.
Don't just think I'm up against shit tonight.
I know you're always...
Every Monday night, you're absolutely up against shit.
Probably other nights too,
but definitely Monday nights.
I'm seeing it right now.
So you're in a French airport,
a French-controlled airport.
And then a little bit...
I'm like...
Dan Harmon?
It's so hard to...
I'm getting through.
I go up to the counter.
Cody's back there.
They called my name.
My name's never been called.
I always thought that when they called your name,
it was because you weren't there for something
or you were going to lose your seat.
I got all the way up to the counter.
It was so...
The amount of people whose lives I
got like bags hitting baby's heads.
Because I'm like...
I don't understand.
Everyone's standing.
They're just standing because all they know
is that the people are speaking
in French and what they're saying is that
the plane's going to take off.
And so everyone's just compressed
like a fucking Lego sculpture.
And so you have to...
You have to actively mush
through that if they go like,
Dan Harmon? Dan Harmon?
And I'm like, I can't...
I have no choice.
I would never do this to anyone.
I ran my American Express card.
Nay, my assistant did.
I don't...
I did this...
I subscribed to a tier of
human experience that doesn't
involve me ever touching you
or you touching me.
I am like trying to bustle.
Like every single
human being has a right
to look at you like,
what are you doing, you horrible ferret?
Like, why are you
fucking mushing me
and touching my child's head
and like fucking like...
I just want to say to all of them
I don't want to do this.
They called my name
at the desk that says
whether you can get on the plane or not.
And I was just like, oh, excuse
me.
See who plays about
your baby's head and
I'm sorry and someone took a shit
on the floor and it's like...
And they get all the way up to the thing
and they're like...
I said, you called my name
and they're like, Mr. Harmon?
Yeah, and they're like, just checking.
Uh...
For real, I swear
to Christ.
They literally said just checking.
Were they worried about you?
No, I'll never know.
Because as soon as they said it, I'm like...
Just checking?
I feel like Liam Neeson
and taken like a more...
Is Cody part of a white slavery ring now?
It's left her.
You don't understand. These airports
are un-American.
They're downright
French.
You know, they...
Their toast is weird
even.
It's soft.
We like hard toast.
American toast, we call it.
I may never...
It's weird.
I love American toast.
I love it too.
It's got no maple syrup on it.
Oh, but anyways, the reason I was bringing that up
was because we were in that position
and we sat down eventually in this terminal
and we were like,
God damn, this place keeps you on a razor's edge.
You don't know the language, so you're like listening.
You know, when the people
are speaking English over the intercom,
it's already muddled
and you're like, for me,
I'm on edge all the time.
I don't understand what the fuck you're saying. Eat the fucking mic.
What are you saying?
I'm on flat scare. I'm on a razor's edge.
I want to be on the edge.
I want to see if people are like...
If you want to stand up right now,
I'll get over to the gate.
If you're Vietnamese,
And everyone's just like...
Understandably it goes, look, man,
I understand hierarchy
in one of two ways.
Either everything's taken care of
have no autonomy or I fucking like nothing's taken care of because I have
all autonomy your airlines tell you everything you have no autonomy and
nothing's taken care of they tell you what that'll be 300 bucks to go to Seattle
if someone pays 3,000 bucks they have a right to tell you you're a piece of
shit we're not gonna police it though like now boarding now imagine that in
French and then I'm like I'm like sitting down with Cody I'm like God damn
it just gives me so much fucking anxiety and she's like and Cody goes yeah
well the one sunny side of the street is at least we're away from those fucking
sneezing people like you know at airport terminals they like the seats are back
to back like the absolutely like yeah it was just like of course that family's
traveling with you they're on their way to the fucking America all right Dallas
it was really funny look we got off on the wrong foot it's 2019 I'm glad to be
back I had a hard time traveling I don't like other white people I guess I don't
know what my point is but you hate airlines you know you a lot of people
have anxiety when they're doing air travel and so like you're expressing
your anxiety about what a lot of people have anxiety about it when all of us
travel we all have a hard time like what you're subjected to obviously a
dehumanizing event and I guess I guess I'm speaking from place of privilege or
whatever where I'm like you know I don't get it like I only leave my house for
one thing and that's like and then I always like go hey send them a million
dollars in advance like when I get there could they just treat me like a fucking
like something above a mosquito and the answer is always like absolutely not no
like happy to take your money very enthusiastic about that oh did you want
the leg extendable package where you can extend your human legs to a point where
you don't actually sustain permanent damage that's a million dollars we'll
take that million dollars let's thank you so much for flying American Airlines
we love your million dollars but remember we're the airline where you can
extend your legs a little bit and then you get there and they're just like hey
who are you what the fuck's going what fuck are you slow down whoa whoa whoa whoa take
your fucking shoes off and get the fuck back in line you piece of shit and
you're like whoa I fucking paid a lot of money and they're like that's not us
it's Uncle Sam get your fucking shoes off and I'm like okay I get it it's the
government that's cool that's fucking cool that's all right still a little bit
of back and forth the each airline they pick and choose whether or not you get
like so here's my shoes I gotta go people get your name get your number
gotta go don't care where you go but you can't stay here what's that a zipper on
your jacket I'm a fucking idiot it's humiliating and it shouldn't be
required necessarily to go visit grandma for Christmas I don't see they've
tricked us into thinking that they're doing us a favor but there's money
changing hands so where's the favor but you like you you have a and a rational
hatred of airlines I have an aggressive
hatred of airlines because if I'm gonna die and I am yeah I would like oh I
didn't mean like that Spencer seconds at my oh sorry I didn't mean to like that
okay let's walk through this for a second like hey anybody you like this
podcast right like some people pay for the podcast you paid to get in here
right so like okay I'm gonna I'm gonna put you in a metal tube and I'm gonna
fling you into the air and if you even talk I've talked to like aerodynamics
like engineers like this I'm always like what the fuck is going on how are we in
the air I you ever talked to no you ever you ever talked to like a person that
went to school for the shit they always tell you they go like well no it's
really not that big a deal you know the big things on the wings like they suck
in the air and then they push it out the other side that's how you stay there
was it where's the air coming from well you're in the air it's like a paper
airplane it's like a paper airplane it's like a paper airplane it's not pass pass
pass pass well then you can't oh good look I guess your grandma's gonna die
without talking to you about your okay I'll get in a fucking fine I'm gonna get
in a flake to talk to my grandma just of course I have a choice it's like it's
like every every industry well I'd like to go visit my grandma which airline
treated me well again everything you're doing is exactly as what I'm thinking
but stop stop but it was like you can't go to an airport and go I like every
industry that did this to you like they would be outlawed you can't go to an
airport and go my grandma died I need to get to Seattle by 9 o'clock like any
other industry like five companies would be like hey grandma died like get on the
fucking grandma caravan like we're gonna give you a face mask we're gonna think
and then other the price-fixing thing would be like they would compete with
each other like I don't mean to be a libertarian but fuck you like the like
don't fucking give an industry like the ability to not compete with each other
is damn honestly are you just like admit that you you're just a nervous
traveler and you're freaking out about the fact that yes travel is is tedious
and there's lots of hoops to jump through but you're just a nervous traveler
and you're how is that different from being a nervous eater are you nervous
if you go to a restaurant and you go like I'm sorry like like I don't want to eat
something that's gonna kill me or I don't want to I don't want to eat like
something with has a bunch of bones in it is are you the asshole if the
restaurant's like yeah well fuck you you wanted to eat it's three o'clock fuck
off yeah but that that's not parallel to what you're talking about it's
absolutely parallel if I if I want to go to my grandma's funeral and it's in
Texas and this is a certain time I have absolutely no choice over which airline I
travel on I don't have any choice at all they have a monopoly so there are
cartels it's not it's not about your nerves about traveling and I don't want
to die at the hands of fuck wads like I like I want I want the skies to be
filled with planes I want I want I want when I want to go to the airport and I
don't I want I want people to be standing outside the airport and be like
hey man hey where you going where you going let me hook you up I'm like what's
going on here is like where you going will you grandma dad I'll get you there
well come on let me tell you what you got I'll be like well hold on a second
what's this guy saying it's like yo man your grandma died I'll fucking hook you
up like let me tell you what we're showing a Steve Carell movie we're gonna
fucking rub your feet like like I want to fucking shop around it's an American
right you spilled so much vodka during this it's good
anyone how am I the only one out range by this no I'm I agree it doesn't make
any sense it's literally like I understand drink your vodka drink your
vodka you're spilling so much they're selling you worried about your vodka to
visit your children in Seattle but you'd have no choice and then you get on the
plane wait I thought the peak when I saw them suffocate a dog I was like well
that ought to wake up a few Senate hearings are you fucking kidding you're
like I beat a man half to death and dragged him off a plane these are
terrible corporations but they get together and compare you're just a
nervous traveler you're saying you hate traveling you hate being at an airport
you hate being on a plane why can't it be both who loves them I like why is it
why should they be able to take money from you well I love and then turn you
loose against each other like like when Nabisco says to half the population or
30% of the population hey welcome to a new white chocolate
ligerian experience like they don't say hey do you like white chocolate it will
take your money give us a subscription to chocolate and if you want to make
sure it's white fight the people that like regular chocolate just fight them
for it because it's first come first served I'm almost certain this metaphor
holds up like it's the airline industry is the only sheltered totally non
capitalistic like fucking sheltered weird biodome where a class of society is
allowed to you're just afraid of flying just say that I can it be both why can't
it be both by the way how do these fucking things stay in the air that's
the ultimate outrage you're selling a dream it's a giant piece of metal it
shouldn't be in the air why can't it be both things yeah it's a fucking
Travis I take it back you love flying you love flying I don't I love being on
the plane I love mine crafting I like like it's true he's right you just you're
just terrified of travel or being around other people you turn up you're
terrified but that's not being crammed into a small space with other people but
also he's being oppressed by corporate entities that are conspiring to fuck
America never see that dance before they are hurting people they're beating
them up and killing animals they tased a man and punched his face until his
face was bleeding and dragged him off a plane and the corporation that did that
is doing just as much business as they're legally empowered to do that that
doesn't fuck with you when you're like listening to their safety video that
doesn't fuck with you a little bit no you're like well when push comes to shove
literally you will have police come on board the plane and drag a man off the
plane like and then they're like don't forget to blow your lollipop if we if
we if we fucking have an oversight come on man like we risk our lives like it's
like we jam into a metal tube and they shoot us like a lawn yard across the
country like we got to do it our grandma will yell at us like like so we got to do
it and then there's like you can't you don't get a choice when you're like your
grandma's sick and you you go online and you're like my grandma's sick so I got a
I got to go to see from LA to Seattle you don't get to fucking choose you
definitely do not get to choose like how you travel like they the year they'll
say oh this airline will go from LA to Seattle and like they'll fucking lie to
you they'll go like you can't even like imagine the shit that's a variable like
you go like I'm gonna go from LA to Seattle to see my grandma get buried and
then you're like I'm gonna bring my laptop to see your grandma get married and
then you get on the premises that you're going to your grandma get married
very get on the plane and you're like a very fucked do I plug in my laptop I
thought I thought I could plug in my fucking laptop and you're like or it's
broken flight attendant and they're like what what and you're like I just don't
can't plug in looks like it doesn't work that way fuck off you piece of shit and
you're like okay I guess I guess I fucked up I guess I just fucked up I
guess maybe change the model of plane like it maybe you shouldn't fly anymore
maybe that's not your thing yeah no those are my choices like I should not
fly anymore or I should get beat love the company that's been assigned to me
that's great like like like hey maybe you shouldn't drink water anymore or hey
fucking take it the way Nestle gives it to you yeah it makes sense if you want
to travel across the country which could mean the difference between you getting
fired or promoted maybe you should if you're so passionate about whether or
not you don't want to be treated like an animal maybe you shouldn't fly that
makes sense like hey maybe if you don't like technology just why don't you ride
a horse around in a circle while everyone takes a train across the country
yeah let's look your side of the argument doesn't need any fucking support
it's called entropy or evolution they could call it whatever you want but it's
the side that doesn't need any help I'm over here with the other people getting
sneezed on and going we all get it's all chaos I like like I'm like yeah you
know what'd be nice is if airline companies were like oh shit we're gonna
go out of business unless we treat these people like human beings fucking
zag nut has to hold themselves to that standard are you kidding me walk me
through that you get a fucking refund there's anybody if you make socks tuna
chairs anything like there is literally one industry that where where they're
like oh did you get a suffocated dog shit so sorry anyways hey soul to the
mother there's one industry that's allowed to do that the airline industry
that's it and they have that like it always I always bristle in the speech
or the video where they're like you know you got a legally comply with all
commands that means like if there's someone on the power trip was like hey
bark like a dog you piece of shit like technically speaking by the law you would
have to do that otherwise they could then call security to beat you up and drag
you tased out of the build you know out of the plane I don't like I don't think
that'll ever happen but when I watch that stuff it's like yeah that's what
they're saying is yeah technically speaking we will tell you whatever you
we want you to do and we'll beat you up which I mean is the law it's a it's
scary I don't like the fact there's a couple of lines that their safety video
is a rap or like there's robots and like if you see something coming out of the
air you have to put a life vest and under your chair and that's straight up
virgin like we missed out there are business I we all sing along to is like
but this isn't saving anybody's lives this is this is absolutely mad use the
thing to talk about that a little bit like you know like they make these
videos like virgins was good I was I I would watch I'm annoyed with it or I'm
not creatively but I'm like they didn't make any mistakes the people in charge
of whether I live or die sought to make a little choreography thing and I'm not
seeing any evidence that translates into Jesus Christ how are you gonna get the
landing gear down compare that to what's the one where it's like the George
Gershwin thing where they're like or no no no what's the one that's like the rip
off of Michelle Gondry what's the airline that were like the the brunette
flight attendant is like is that American I think it might be it's like a
Michelle Gondry thing where she's like the like very charismatic brunette it's
like hey welcome to whatever this airline is and she's like now let me walk you
through it and then she walks through and it's like the stepped-out Gondry-esque
thing where there's like stop motion involved but there's also like live
action and it's like but it's like you're watching it you're like oh they
fucked up that take so then they just shortcut it and I'm like what are they
gonna do if we fly into a mountain all right like I mean you're inviting me to
make that scrutiny like don't don't don't fucking all you got to do is like
have a person like on the video screen go hi my name's Gary I'll fly your plane
I promise do it safe like like if during that video he's like hi my name's Gary I
promise to fly your plane but not flame fuck fuck fuck fuck take it again and
they keep it in I have a right to be like what the fuck am I on I had to do
and the flight attendant be like well he's not an actor he's a pilot I'm like
yeah but your company doesn't give a fuck I had to do we were flying from
somewhere to somewhere like over the Rockies and the guy I think we're
leaving out of either like Nevada or Arizona and the guy had cowboy boots on
and he was our pilot and he got in there and he sounded like you're 70 Sam and
he got in there and he goes there's no everyone we're gonna go through some
extreme turbulence so I want you to put your seatbelts on I want you to strap
them in real tight because we're gonna you're gonna be bouncing all over the
joint yeah yeah the telemetry from the three planes ahead of us and we're
gonna go through some real tough stuff and this is not a joke he goes put your
put your seatbelts on strap them down low and tight and he wasn't joking we
were we were fucking all over the joint I just and he was he's he kept laughing
drinkers like I wasn't lying to you was I think I love that I love that that's a
good pilot because we had you 70 Sam at the fucking I don't like when they
don't say anything it's like fuck like we like coming back from Tahiti it was
like fucking everywhere and I would Cody was out like a light and I was like oh
my god like the the pilot would come on and be like a good thing of all my
credit a little new mr. Bean and Jerry Lewis and I was like like I don't know
what this guy's saying he might be like I gotta admit to you I'm a little bit
afraid right now like his tone of voice was just polite and French and I was
like I everyone was asleep and I'm like am I the only one that knows we're gonna
die I do need I I was listening to a radio lab about War of the Worlds today
and they touched on just this idea of the patriarchal kind of like the idea
of the news industry the the the the male father figure going first of all
everything's fucked second of all it's okay I'm in charge and how that's being
sold like how we created that with the news industry and things like you you
if you heard a woman's voice like you have to ask yourself like if you heard
a female pilots voice like it's a psychosexual like thing to ask yourself
like what what do we need from news anchors pilots and things like how much
are you being sold you have everything to fear but I'm here with you I'm Wolf
Blitzer like you're gonna you're about to see a flash in the background I would
love your 70 Sam guy going like oh whoa this one's a hopper like I I do need
that because I was I was like I why am I in charge of when something goes wrong
which is what the good horror movie or a narrative like does to you as it takes
your it takes your guardian away if I told the story before about the time I
thought we were gonna crash in a plane my friend Frank maybe but dude I think we
should hear it I'm gonna pour a drink will you tell it the the theme of the
story was that you're amazing and you don't fear death no yeah I'll take you
to the very end of it it was like we were gonna land in Chicago we couldn't
so we went to Indiana if I told the story a thousand times I think just once
in the very end it was the women that were the flight attendants that were
on board that made everybody feel safe and we felt secure and happy because
these women that were like veteran like flight attendants have been through it
all we go if they're not nervous we're not nervous and when we landed the
woman came on the comm and said we're back in Indiana oh my god and that's
when that's when we all shit our pants because like oh she was nervous too like
like she we we all thought we're gonna die we thought she didn't think we were
gonna die right then we found out she thought we were going to die and she is
a fucking badass like she's John Wayne from fucking the like the longest day
like we're all we all thought we were gonna die and she told us so at the
very end oh god damn it let it go it's the kid let it go okay this is a nice
segue into our next segment which is Dan recommends podcast yeah do you know
the etymology of the word posh night I know I thought it was a spice it's an
acronym mm-hmm I listen in this new true crying podcast that's two British
ladies and one of them shared this posh is an acronym for in in the olden days
when getting too much Sun was a definite gateway to being perceived as poor and
people started to travel by boat like as an upper-class thing you it was about
the strategy of when to keep the Sun on your face and when to keep it off your
face posh stands for port side over starboard home it's the side of the boat
that you sit on you don't want to get too much of a tan wait across crossing
over from England side over to the continent to wherever you're going so
left side going out right home to keep the Sun off you I guess right that
would be the shady side of the product yes that's one of those things like
where people what is crazy spice stands for and that segues me into like my
signal boost podcast of the like I've listened to so many true crime podcasts
but like I can't like like I found this one red-handed it's these two British
ladies and I like in the height of my enthusiasm for them I'll give them the
offer that I've given to David Cummings to come out was like sheroody and Hannah
if if this gets back to you and you want to fly first class to the states and
gonna be a guest on the show like I'll like worth it you've given me so much
like I'd love to chat with you also any of our fans if you want to come out
first-class damn I'm gonna pay for you no not not anybody it's this is my thing
as I extend this invitation to certain people I it's just such an amazing if
it in this world of like I don't know when true crime is gonna hit its peak I
think it's so funny like I just me and Cody listen to true crime podcasts it's
all we do we gobble them up we run out of everyone and like every single one is
on a different podcast network and every single podcast network has advertisements
for different ones where they're like hey just a couple words from some of our
friends I was like I can't it seems like there's got to be more true crime
podcasts than there are people willing to listen or that have ever been murdered
by anything it's so but I haven't hit my peak I just keep going all right let's
listen to them like these advertisements the one thing that's really funny to me
is I kind of want to grab people and shake them and go please stop pretending
this isn't ghoulish I guess the new wave is like hey we're gonna talk about true
crime you're gonna hear about strangulation and rape and murder but
it's because victims need not be forgotten like like they put this twist on
it where it's like we're doing a service I'm like well maybe you are maybe you're
not but come on that's not what this come on I mean I'll go to sleep on my
couch and watch some date lines but I cannot do the Keith Morrison the fucking
guy I fucking want to I feel I feel like I feel like like perfectly good about
people that are like oh well we should make sure I'm going to keep doing my
Keith Morrison that's wonderful but is is it good to do a Keith
Morrison passion while Dan Harmon is talking yeah we don't know maybe it's
not I listen to the world may know I've been listening to this podcast called the
dream podcast and I recommend it highly it's about multi-level marketing and how
it affects people and it's crazy it's apparently all a big scam the only
reason it's still around today is because there's this big court case that
the people were about to go to jail but they have like deep ties to like the
government and stuff so they kind of like got the court case thrown out and
then in that court case they were like well check it out here's the rules for
what is an isn't a multi-level marketing scam and we don't do that so we're in
the clear and they're like yep you're in the clear and then it turned out they
made up those rules to prove that they didn't and no one has rules on what is
there isn't a multi-leveling scam so like that's now the new legal definition is
what the MLMs like made to be to avoid and they're like we aren't that and
that's why we're not breaking the law but it's just fundamentally a fraud by
the mechanics of the business itself and the only reason that it can't always
be prosecuted is because there's not always sufficient evidence to prosecute
businesses of stuff but it's all fundamentally a fraud and it's crazy
because it's like it's all this crazy capitalist stuff where everyone's just
like preying on people as a business and it gets into like sexism because
there's all these men who pray on women and get them involved and so they're
making men money for the men but it like it's secret and so it's like this weird
thing that affects like women and I don't know it just it takes money out of
both sides of the family it's just this really insidious thing that seemed to
completely grasp all of American business and now American politics and it's
it's I don't know it's like you find out like every problem we have is kind of
all connected to the same problems and it's like holy shit to the idea that we
we aren't able to recognize what is essentially a not even capitalism it's
like a pyramid scheme or yeah well that's the thing is that like the
multi-level market at the marketing companies that have gotten away with it
for so long
but basically we could make that work we just need to keep it rolling for a long
don't make it yeah no I know I'm trying I'm trying to be helpful no but I hit
the thing my accent no no I believe it I lost my turn of thought anyway you you
burden of proof is on you to prove that you're not just jealous of Spencer
taking the conch no I was trying to look for it the the DND theme in case we
want to play yeah that makes some well that actually now brings to mind like
you were gonna do that and it was gonna kind of you that was Spencer face you
were gonna commit Spencer face I was I was scrolling through and I hit the I hit
the wrong thing you back me up on this airline thing oh yeah I was just trying
to do my job as a control that one's good okay look here's the thing it's
2019 like I'm not a big resolution guy but like something that like I've been
really remiss about we've been as we've gone on we love doing this podcast it's
amazing we've concretized it we've incorporated it whatever we're trying
to make it like a self-sufficient like little bio dome of like pod castry
everybody that works on it hopefully is getting paid to work on it part of part
of that was like coming up with paperwork and signing contracts it's an arduous
process takes the joy out of everything of course you can't just like do
something for fun and someone's gonna get end up getting fucked over we we've
been trying for years now like we like oh it's our business it's Harmontown
incorporated and give this to that person give that the last person along the
way I think one of the funnier things it's like one of our silent partners
Kevin Day who runs the ins and outs of like you know like like pumping the
show out he's he's like I don't I don't want to I don't want to make him a
target but he's pretty Bitcoin rich he's like kind of like he doesn't really
need the five the bottom line is like at what a certain point during the
incorporation of the podcast he's sort of like yeah I have a problem I I need
some of the money to go away like like and we came up with this thing Kevin can
you can you come up can you come up and talk about our thing so we had talked
about like because basically like if you were to do nothing at all given your
situation if you're taking money from the business venture that we had to
create in order to make the thing you would get penalized that's this is a
common theme of capitalism yes you need a write-off you need a thing and you're
like look here's this here's something that we can't do both ethically and
legally we can't say to our podcast audience if you subscribe to the podcast
some of your money will go to take care of Down syndrome which many podcasts do
but is illegal I think well whether it's illegal or not I don't actually know
about the legality of it but I do know that actually as a as a pseudo
capitalist I would actually say honestly you know if you're asking someone for
five dollars shouldn't they have a choice as to whether or not one of their
five dollars goes to this or that but but what we came upon was like you're
you're gonna suffer in silence unless we give some of your money away every
month correct and so we came up with this idea it's like let's pick a charity
every month and we can renew it at the end of every month but let's pick let's
pick something that your money goes to because you don't need it and you need
to write it off let's just get it out of your hands so you don't get penalized
for it right like what I really wanted to do was like what other podcasts do was
say that we were gonna donate 10% of whatever to some charity and as you
brought up that's a really bad idea because people might cancel you know
they don't want to subscribe yeah I would like to think that there is such a
thing as a Republican Harmontown fan who's like look I don't truck with this
or that but like don't don't put me in a position where I feel like literally my
money helps something that I don't believe in if they want to listen to me
to say they're stupid and pay five dollars like that should be there right
yeah right feels like an ethical thing to me it's where ethics and capitalism
intersect so and so and so I think the nice thing is that we go look this is a
if you're if you're a right-wing person and you're like I don't want my money
going to anything but trust me your money's going to me and Jeff getting
drunk and dying I promise anything left over where it's it's it's supposed it's
going to a private citizen who's our silent partner Kevin Day Kevin now who
has no political affiliation he doesn't care he what he said to me is he's
willing to we're going to find a charity eat every once in a while we're going to
funnel your money into that charity right I'm donating the money but I'm
letting Dan pick where it goes okay it's all going to the Proud Boys they just
they just if they could read they they just not fair what's happening we try
to represent the now we will do it now we are gonna it's too late now we're
giving the money to the Proud Boys for real I honestly do think as a side
argument that that's probably the quickest way to diffuse some of these
pockets of toxic dudes is that you actually just give them a million dollars
because the wouldn't they just it would be Sierra Madre they would just kill
each other going I want this big of a flesh like no it should be like they'd
be like no it's too dark I want it to be whiter and they'll be like fuck you
racist they just like you could give give bad people a million dollars they're
toast but we're not doing that I here's my my thing that I've always been
passionate about always been passionate about giant air quotes because I do
nothing to do anything but like maybe this mechanism could help us or I said
to you prison reform this is the thing that I'm like really like kind of like
I because I feel like it's like easy to not do like I feel awful about the fact
that we when somebody fucks up in life I don't care how bad they are I don't
care how evil they are it's not about whether you're a good person or bad
person if you end up in our system like where we have decided as a society this
is how it works I don't like the fact that you get locked up and then your
nightmare begins and that and that you're like deprived of shit that like
maybe could help you like I don't I like like I don't like that you can't get
D&D books in prison I don't like that you I don't I don't I don't like that we
joke about oh well where you're going you're gonna get raped every day and
it's like well that one's not part of the judge's sentence but I just in
general I think we have like a fucked up twisted idea of like it's like if we're
a society that's gonna lock up almost all the people in the world like it
that's my thing I realized so I told you that like two hours ago I was like look
up prison reform yes and so we may pick a charity tonight where we're like sounds
like this alright here's where Kevin Day's money is going and on the reddit
you may go I looked them up they're terrible they're fake okay let's find
that out in real time let's let's let's popularize the idea of charity shopping
so I came down to two options I wanted to give you the first is the probably more
well-known and much bigger but not exactly what you were asking for is
called the innocence project right and their job is mostly they do to people
who basically everybody looks at and goes there's no way this person was
guilty but they're sat with a life prison prison sentence they don't you know
get sentences overturned and right they're very big and they also need to
be one of the most effective charities and they've they've regularly been
recognized for dollars going to them does the most good I don't want to okay
gut thank you for yeah I'm is I am actually more invested in like how do
we treat like the bad people I I want the guilty people to not have to like in
addition to doing their time and serving there so I would like it if they could
like fucking learn a trade and like and like not live in fear but yes I love
the innocence project obviously and arguably a great thing but right so the
one closer I think what you're asking for is a similar project called the
sentencing project that seems to have two goals one is to give make sure people
get fair sentences because too often people are you know thrown in some
maximum security prison for something that was not needed and second that one
of their goals is while people are incarcerated making sure that prisons
are not more likely to produce good results and people are let out you know
making sure things are not cruel making sure education is available making sure
that you know job training is made available and things like that so they
sort of seem to have a two-pronged approach of make sure people's sentences
are appropriate how do they do that in a world where it's like state-to-state
city-to-city like how do they um from the literal five minutes I've read about
them that's part of the joke is that I made you do this because I'm so
charitable that I'm like this lazy they meet with district attorneys a lot they
have provided information to states and counties and things like that about you
know are you aware of the sentencing guidelines you guys have and what that
produces and how this person here because of the guidelines that that
exist in this jurisdiction result in a 20-year maximum security you never see
your friends the entire time you're in jail when other states are doing things
more fairly and here's how well this has worked and here you know so they
present information to the people who make sentencing decisions to allow them
some of the visibility they may not see themselves it's like an awareness thing
almost where they're like hey judge hang them high yes and hey a prosecuting
attorney hang them high like you you're getting votes and you're getting
promotions by this idea that you're tough on crime but but it's not working can
we make you aware of the fact that it's slowly making your city for instance
like have like recidivism rates that are super high correct and they they've
also done work to where you know they've taken prisoner complaints that have gone
unheard of you know this this policy this prison has is unfair and just mean
spirited for no good reason and they've stepped in they filed lawsuits they've
helped people how do we penetrate that barrier where like once you get locked
up everybody outside is like fuck that person and you're like can I get a
toothbrush and they're like fuck you and then someone's like I want to beat you
up because you're Dan Harmon and you've been locked up and you're like whoa this
isn't part of my sentence and they're like who cares like how can we make
prisons less of a nightmare so I can proceed to get locked up I wish I had
the answer yeah I know okay I in the meantime like yeah I guess out of the
out of those two the sentencing thing like like sure I guess if those guys
have funding they're gonna be able to talk more to more bureaucrats let's give
them a month or let's say a month because a week is not long enough so it's not
if you're listening to the podcast your money isn't your money isn't going
anywhere your money is going into Harmontown's pocket same as always I'm
only letting you know as part of the show that one of the people that takes
the money from your pocket after everything's done is gonna get fucked on
his taxes and so he's gonna for this month give it to this random charity which
is called the sentencing projects and we'll maybe at the end of the maybe a
month from now we'll go here's how much money we gave them and maybe we'll look
into it I actually honestly think I'm not putting it on them but I feel like
the natural mechanism of the reddit kind of mentality is someone's gonna want to
take this shit down which I think could be a healthy mechanism it's like an
enzyme like they'll research the organization let's find out like
charities like let's find charities that we that really do great like for
every every dollar that you give them what are they really doing to change your
human life and stuff so let's find ones that we're fans of and this will be the
first start of the project like let's not be afraid to do it wrong I some of
the some of that some of the guy that's why I don't even go down that road is
I'm like I don't know what to do like I got high with a guy the other day
explained to me that Red Cross is like the fucking oh yeah
kleptocracy it's crazy it kind of sterilized or paralyzes you charities in
America you're like yeah I don't want to do anything yeah you know and like it
should be the opposite of that it should be like a it should be like your
natural state should be like yeah whatever you should be kind of exuding
shit yeah like in a post-patreon world have you gone to proudboys.com I feel
like yeah okay well so yeah anything else you want to talk about Kevin come
on share your deepest thoughts my deepest thoughts hi no don't listen to him
he's it's like he can't he can't control himself yeah I've been hearing you live
in Chicago usually I do I do you seem like a secretive guy like you help me
we said about that I feel go by the Bears yet the other day I'm not a big
football fan good good for you no yeah yeah we talked about the fact that the
way that we really came did we talk about this in the podcast where you were
like hey do you own a MacBook Pro and an iPad too and a thing and I like a list
of nine things I was like yeah and you're like yeah Cameron Diaz had you in
her phone and like you're part of like FAP gate or whatever you need to change
your passwords like and I was like yeah do you want me to explain that sure okay
I think I just did but I was there and I didn't get that but damn I got it but I
know what happened already so many a few years ago there was some kind of high
profile cases where celebrities were getting their iCloud and other accounts
hacked and well what these attackers were doing and they were multiple would
they would break into one person's you know they would guess your iCloud
password and once they've done that they can download a list of all of your
contacts all of your pictures all of your email a lot of really bad things of
Dan's you don't want to see look I might take away as Cameron Diaz has me in her
phone right so what what happened you know they would break into one person's
phone and then from that they would get a whole list of new email addresses and
everything else and they would use that to break into others and break into
others and a friend of mine who owns a bunch of web servers called me one day
and said hey this one web server is acting really weird it's making all
these connections to iCloud and we can't figure out why and we went and
looked at it and realized that it was being used to break into other people's
accounts and I had met Dan before and was looking through all the list of
people that it had broken into and I was looking at all of Dan's personal
information and so reached out to Dan and went you really need to change your
iCloud password because I got it I got everything yeah yeah what what did you
see everything no I made it a point not to specifically look but just enough to
prove that what did you see that picture you was safe don't worry
I like to think and I remember calling you when the Sony hack happened I was like
Kevin yes what is happening with the Sony yeah the North Korean Sony hack
whatever like like I was like I was in a fucking full-blown panic here's why
because if all of Sony's emails were hacked that that includes every email
that's received by Sony that means that like I didn't know that the press and
that the public was capable of being that like like like that level of
piglety like where it was like hey there's no yeah these hackers like dump
to this file online let's walk you through all of it and the way like Amy
Pascal was like like hung out to dry was like we're actually like what you're
proving here is that this this lady that like ran a studio that she made one joke
that was like wouldn't it be off-color if I said this to Obama it's like it's not
11 right now by the way great I was like I was like holy shit if one email that I
ever sent to anybody at Sony you like ever gets in the hands of TMZ like I'm
so fucked like it would be such a weird out of context thing and I remember
emailing you and like going like just tell me like I just want to go know if I
need to go home and blow my brains out and you're like there was one his his
email inbox was deleted at the time but and there's one I did do a search there's
one reference to you it said that you're you're a wild card it was just like them
talking about me I was like oh it's badass yeah pretty much like a single a
single email that's notable though because it's like it's not it was like
this thing ethical about that like like look I like I'm just saying like if you
printed an email that I had sent to Sony while I was producing community it
would it would be grounds for like crucifying me I feel by our standards
but it's like I know the word context is now like a dinner bell that's rung by
old fat white guys it's like you don't understand but it's like wait a minute
like I the idea that I was a megalomaniac saying to a corporation don't
ever fucking tell me what to do or I'll fucking punch your teeth down your
throat like like at the time when I was typing that it felt like a really heroic
thing to be typing and six years later the idea that that would be able to be
pod through by these clearly inscrubulous like oh I'm the rap.org and I'm
oh I'm banana peel net net like like it was like oh look at what this guy said I
was like terrified I guess I've been terrified ever since if it helped you
sounded more sad than anything there was only one email about you yeah no I don't
know I was relieved believe me and digital and whatever. All right let's go there for Kevin Day everybody. Kevin Day.
And Dan, what a nice guy for coming up here and sharing his. Dan can you do me a
favor yeah can I invite a friend up yeah maybe somebody you know maybe somebody
you like somebody I know that I love my favorite Jesse Camp is in town. Oh okay
yeah I heard of Jesse. Jesse are you in town? Yeah. Jesse come on up. Our favorite
MTV VJ extraordinaire. Just come out of hiding.
If you don't know Jesse you're about to fucking know him and he's the greatest
motherfucker in town.
Jesse I told you to wear something nice. Well this is from a
Gwydans big and tall in Recita they put the whole outfit together they do me and
AJ Magic Johnson's gay son so you know between the two of us a lot of business
to to them if you're in if you're in Van Nuys, Bacorma, that part of the valley
take it take a visit but the first time I met you Jesse and I will
tell the story we were at a party in some shitty dirt backyard in Echo Park
okay at a backyard party and Jesse had I'll tell you lots of layers on yes
Jesse is all about the layers and and Jesse company goes hey man I like your
suit and I said I like your layers and he goes oh man you gotta have layers and
then and then Harmon Harmon met Jesse and he's like is this guy full of shit
like what the fuck is going on and then doing a character is he doing a
routine this is a bit and then Dan a half hour later hung out with had hung out
with Jesse and came up to me and goes it's not a bit I fucking I fucking love
this guy and the thing is to know Jesse is to absolutely fall in love with the
most sincere beautiful weirdo in the fucking world I went to his house when
you used to have the crib in Echo Park yes and I opened up his fridge thinking
there would be the bone zone maybe well I didn't know that was his street name
for the dwelling so I went I went to his fridge hoping there would be snacks or
maybe a beer not in this fridge all it was all it was was one sad half full
bottle of Bragg's amino acids and then nail polish a lot of strippers kept
their polish up in my fridge if you know what I mean you know how it be the
fascinating thing I was like well after I had met you and I was in a dark
place I don't know if you hear this a lot but I was in a dark place when I was
hanging out with you yeah me and mark McGrath but like I am and the smash
mouth singer years later a lot of people hang out with him and John Popper the
beat travelers you know that's a dark scene Dan I'm sorry my brother it's
alright but I do want to say one thing to the listeners the straight-up
listeners Jeff just in person Dan looks like a G damn handsome um oh my god
Paul and you guys know this he's in like the bromance movie Walker Paul Paul
Rod Paul Rod Dan looks like a handsome Paul Rudd you can't see it from there
you can't see it vintage Kenny Rogers I'm not talking like plastic surgery
now we're getting mixed signals like day just like the gambler man
same thing right all right just fuck the gambler and man free yeah okay all
right well there's an uplifting message there which is like one man's Paul
Rudd is another man's Kenny Rogers yo this Paul Rudd is a milk dog because he's
creamy he leaves room for cream if you know what I mean do you remember my my
ex-wife my ex-wife Erin McGathy who is the gaff we called her the gaffer
she the gaffer tape is actually an adult film with Dan and her and I'm gonna zip
it she showed she showed me a clip of your origin story which is also actually
the origin story of another friend of mine another guy who I admire equally who
is like truly the opposite of the spectrum like your origin story forgive
me if this offends you that it's like but it's like it starts with an MTV
contest right I thought you were gonna talk about my Yiddish background it
starts with a it starts with a Yemish did it no it's the MTV had this like be
the next VJ contest absolutely like nationwide thing it makes no sense to
young years now it's like why would you want to be famous isn't that a one-way
ticket to fucking devastation but back then it was like hey man be the new MTV
VJ and they had like a populist kind of like thing absolutely and the and the
two runners up it was you and it was my other friend Dave Holmes oh yes Dave
Holmes is like this amazing such a fucking amazing charismatic friendly like
like he is a force of you in every way which is not an insult to either of you
okay but like like like like my my my ex-wife showed me the clip she was like
she showed me the two of you oh at that time we were much different like like
well yeah like Ernie and Bert though but it was like you you both but both of
you had class it was like you were Ernie and Bert switch shells or bodies but
like the soul of like because I'm more I look more like Ernie but I got the soul
no I look more like Bert but I got the soul of an Ernie yeah well anyways you
won and Dave Holmes was like but like you won because I've the people are
gonna be like fuck the system give me this guy like knowing Jesse like he's
like a you're a like encyclopedia of music knowledge like you really know
music is true which brings us to the part of Harmontown that we are
introducing tonight called music trivia with Jeff Davis
mr. Jeff B Davis who is by the way guys I don't know if this got mentioned but
can we give it up for Jeff do you know that he just performed at the Royal
Albert Hall that's that's so amazing and then we got it we got to tell some
Jeff stories too like the time you me and Jeff got stuck in an elevator with
Brian Adams and Tina Turner and in a bottle of absence you guys want to hear
that story yeah let's just say Brett Kavanaugh knew what a devil's triangle
was because we wrote the book or the calendar either way whoa they wrote the
calendar on it that's it I ran into Jesse I was in the Jesse
autobiography I think I can we were in is New Year's Eve in Las Vegas this is a
great one it was 2005 I believe four into five okay and we were at the we're
at the hard rock the hard rock cafe that was a show it was New Year's Eve and it
was oh headliner who is it fucking a VEL VET the velvet revolver boom
who's hybrid of so we we had to I read Scott Wildland as vocalist yeah Duff
slash and Duff of GNR and a weird man with a mustache no wildcard guitars but
not wildcard like motherfucking the legend the goddamn John like Dan Harmon is
the Johnny Cash of comedy and I just want to right now is like the Anton
LeVay of comedy if you know what I mean that's Dan he's the Dark Lord he's the
light Lord but listen he's the Lord of the Ring and when he punches that hand
sings and it swings all right you're hired all right yeah I you're here every
week forever oh yo man I'll be behind the piano just call me out just Dan and
Spencer Jesse text to me he goes I'm here I'm in the back row yeah I can't
believe that you were quiet because I can't believe that we didn't know that
you think it's quiet dude man you know when I when I can't quiet dude it's a
weasers 13th record no one knows about he's been big on this quiet dude it's
leftover studio outtakes from the Rattitude album is whoa I don't know
ads going there for a moment but I'm back on track um this is a magical this
is this is more magical for me because I look come on like Dan is is is the man
and and just amazing can we talk well it was a music trivial let's get into can
we talk about Phil Collins and yeah okay I believed oh yeah
Dan do you want to this is your house like yo if you're like yo I want to whip
towels on you boys it's like down I'm gonna come yeah I'm gonna come troll
this each of you get to ask each other a Phil Collins trivia question oh so you
gotta try to step each other I mean can we just to clarify Jeff can we go
throughout like Peter's entire career which I believe Chase is back to 1968 or
69 for the game Genesis album from the beginning all right all right so with
Peter Gabriel Mike Rutherford each of you right now think every Phil Collins
trivia question for each other okay Spencer you get to pick do you have a
coin or a diet who can go first oh we're competing against each other yeah
this is the first time by the way Dan and I have competed against each other
since get this there's a male review dance review you know what I mean
called thunder from down under all Australian men but they needed to one
time they had a spot for out for one more dancer it's very much like Chris
Farley and Patrick no no no not like that body body shape wise this is more
like a dolphin grunt versus Sylvester Stallone yeah but we competed that was
the last time we actually competed in something that it was either you or me
Dan was Mr. Thunder from down under yo so Spencer pick pick a diet that is
close to a coin flip like maybe yeah yeah someone do odd or even oh yeah so
odd or even you're getting odd while I'm getting even hell yeah you're getting
even while I'm rolling the dice and getting odd which means Dan is something
okay so Dan Dan I start with a Phil Collins trivia question Dan you get you
get to either receive or kick right now I go I asked for you go first no I got
the coin toss you have to ask me a Phil Collins I have to ask you Phil
Collins question yeah I'd be honored to this is this is Phil Collins trivia you
on Dan one-on-one I could ask things like who is the bass player on another
day in paradise but we all know that's Leland's scolair all right man
all right well that was I'm hoping that was needless showboating I can feel it
coming everyone does know that amateur dance into the light is that Phil
Collins it is all right okay so I'm like this is my question for Dan okay Dan Phil
Collins this is true y'all I mean this I'm in fucking paradise by the way right
now this is yeah no this is good okay so get this Phil Collins was a war history
and not oh he loves like historical wars he was he was a war and not oh well he
was there is one specific kind of war in the history of this country and it's
almost also a landmark monument in this country named after that war where it
took place this man Phil Collins collected all kinds of memorabilia about
this specific monument and and and and battle and Dan can you name what this
battle was in America Gettysburg
oh no
about the dynasty typewriter is the popcorn we all know that available in
the lobby if you're hungry oh yeah if y'all need a food break they made plenty
of popcorn they also got other half off now so just go crazy just don't throw it
on the stage because I'll bring back like you know it'll remind us of our
thunder from down under auditions when they would throw popcorn at us to make
us dance snapped into like showmanship like yes you're badass like you're
like you heard a music you're like anyways here's the thing I'm Jude
line AI and I'm here to serve Jesse what what what was the battle the battle
about the battle of in San Antonio Ozzie pissed on it the Alamo okay but
listen I don't want you to just take my word for it is there's someone with an
internet connection that can verify that I'm not making up a random thing cuz you
guys do you know I do that I prank phone call the Ampton in and tell them that I
sell waffle makers and can get them an even better one than the one they're
giving the public for the breakfast and like a whole but this game is not over
because then you know how the chance to get even exactly I can fucking knock your
socks up no doubt and let me not get too cocky at all cuz that was a left
brain or one
oh what church verified it so I don't need it recently though church
verification everybody I think to a great museum I mean that's I also from
earlier when we were talking about charities I got a great charity I'm a
part of that also helps out much like the innocent project and I love them
they're great they do great work prison reform very important fair justice
system for all no bail bonds for anyone and just let everyone to be a ward and
fucking like yo let it just be a free let's hey let's do this question I
feel like that was you can even the score and Spencer like kneecap them with
like but I'm not it's that's the humiliating thing like I no no no I have
a fucking Phil Collins question that can like I can feel it in the air tonight
you're gonna have a good one oh you're better than there's a bomb ass Phil
Collins album track called like China came out around the same time as China
girl by DB David Bowie I suggest everyone give it a listen after the
podcast like China by Phil Collins do you what like I'm not stalling like no
music a fishing at anything will you tell me Phil Collins is of the music a
brilliant man he played the drums on do they know it's Christmas time at all
feed the world great songwriter yeah and agree it's like like he's a drummer of a
band that started with like a fucking like prog rock yeah and he either Gabriel
merged and he dragged everyone along with him like like why doesn't that
biopic happened I think now that the queen bohemian rap city last night is
the Golden Globes best picture yo Jeff and I have hung with Rennie Macklet and
Christian Slater a couple of times true over at Amy Grant's house you know when
she's in town with Clint Blatt you hang out with Amy Grant oh yeah oh my god she
you're on the record label sparrow wait what Amy Grant caused my puberty and my
atheism because because she's like she's so Christian and with the kinky red
hair and she's just like baby baby baby baby she can't even say the word be she's
so Christian she's like baby baby and I'm like oh your teeth and your lip she
has only been with one man I want to show you that
unless she's the biggest whore out there but I don't don't think so I was so I
always had a I did then ask him and Amy Grant question no no no no no no
also how about this Dan I'm gonna give you a Comptroller special you get to
ask him any question about any band because that's how fucking encyclopedia
that's more important right because yeah okay so like and really one of the
thing just that needs to be said here too because I'm not gonna not give Dan
an accolade that's really do the guy who's headlining the first week of the
first Friday shows of Coachella Dan he basically discovered and brought the
prominence basically like a Miles Davis to music right now which is gonna in the
history books of all the amazing things Dan has done and is fucking gonna do this
is still this would be a highlight for fucking anyone I mean Dan fucking yo
it's because it's Dan that we all have Donald Glover and I think awesome man and
you you gave him a platform to shine and shiny did and you it's just a
beautiful thing you brought humanity right no no no no but thank you thank
you that you made that connection but like also at the same time no no no no
no no no like yeah because like yeah you can pick any band any any era and see
if you can stump Jesse camp okay I just want to like talk I want to like
throw shit at you because I like I feel like my my music tastes are so
provincial like they're only I know a lot of inside music business secrets I
used to watch Clive Davis's car tell me everything about Torrey Amos I oh yeah
you know you because that's one of my famous MTV moments is me with Torrey
Amos singing dream on I don't know that no I don't know that oh that's Google
a bowl that's Google a bowl man take a look it's in a book reading rainbow reading
rainbow I can do anything it happened it's Google a bowl yo that's that's on
but there's a lot of stuff about me that's Google but that we don't need to
get into you met Torrey Amos yes oh yes yes in fact two years before MTV this is
in like Wallingford Connecticut I snuck into a Torrey Amos concert at like you
know how you have maximum minimum security prisons what there used to be
this this like place like 3,000 person place in Wallingford can anyway you
could like anyone can sneak into this thing was that's Connecticut Connecticut
is like minimum security concert venues you know but that's so you why are we on
that I don't know that was on me I mean sorry so you're with you're with Torrey
Amos like oh yeah two years later I'm in her hotel room smoking smoking
slipping on gin and juice laid back what does she like what is your late
girl smells like corn flakes but in a good way like I ain't talking like those
soggy-ass corn flakes I'm talking Crispin this is I'm presented with a video of
you and Torrey Amos on my iPhone it's Google a bowl
this is a we're playing a video of you this is you and Torrey Amos and I know
this is gonna sound crazy but in the video you're wearing a ridiculous hat
so I thought I bring it around I thought I'd break out another crazy hat and this
is pretty crazy this this hat got 5150 but wait Jesse so let me tell you like
like I reference the idea like like so is it is it accurate to say your forced
gump adventure begins with this like MTV contest pro like like like but I had a
Jenny to you know but obviously you had gumption otherwise you wouldn't have won
that contest I did have gumption you beat my friend who was like I had to bubble
gum to establish himself as the dick Clark oh yeah I tell you all about that
because the media always tries to pit us against each other like they like
Duff Lundgren versus still best alone my question is so obviously like Wesley
Snipes versus the IRS but coming yeah but coming to that stage yeah obviously
we're already a step and I shot that's crazy you should bring that up Dan we
shot a coming to America type movie on the Arsenio Hall to Dave's Eddie Murphy
and he played like a guy from Poland and then I was I guess his helper it was
very like black sheep Chris Farley David Spade we made a movie together it's
never gonna come out because that was back when Dave was going through satanic
period well now he was wick so he didn't show up in half the dailies but
number two he was also into a really heavy wicker candle period he was making
can we talk about your trousers right yeah I'm sorry for going off the rails
on a crazy train yeah but these tights but that crazy train leads back to the
station and that station is located in Harmontown yeah I want to know I want to
know like the Lee obviously I've listened to preachers I don't Jesse went
I'm coming up he goes he goes hey Jeff you want to come to the whiskey a go-go
tonight we're gonna go see LA guns and we any yeah of course we get backstage
and we're hanging out with Phil Lewis who's the fucking grievous the man but
like like to go to a rock show stole Rod Stewart's girlfriend back in the day he
fucking did he fucking did yeah but to go backstage at a rock show with Jesse is
like to be on a magic carpet ride of rock and roll like fucking fantasy well
because so here's a question I want to ask you anything why aren't you a snob
because you're clearly not a snob because you're not you're not doing a
life humbles me a lot when you because you're like a lot of people who have
encyclopedic knowledge of things like yeah they make their bones by going like
well I I talked to you about Phil Collins yeah a lot of people that question but
yeah I want to know like like so you're the skeleton key you're like this
ultimate fan you like that's your charisma those things is there's such a
thing as a bad thing for you like don't worry about you I'm talking about as a
consumer I'm saying okay it's like if I say Phil Collins to you I did a movie with
Charles grown bad move yeah you're you're like Phil Collins he did this he did
that I say Tori Amos to you yeah I've only said the two things I tell you
honest stories to you is could I say something to you that would make you go
oh fuck that that's bullshit you know like minuto or like I tell you welcome
one thing I'm glad you bring that up one pet peeve of mine although I think the
public definitely cried out against it but it didn't need to be that mean to it
but it was very ill-conceived the Steve Carell movie welcome to Mavine about how
he basically so he's let's just go there with this real quick he is a man that
was at like a like a bar like a rough kind of bar and he was just telling all
the rough locals that he that he got that he wanted to be a cross dresser or
something and so I don't know the alcohol got in them you know and they
they like beat him well within an inch of his life like this group of people in
England so then this dude is brain damage but goes to heal in this world
where he gets a lot of like GI Joe and weird like action figures and builds an
imaginary life about that with him in it and this movie is two and a half hours
and it's called welcome to Mavine and it like had a $60 million budget and I
think it brought in maybe 1.2 million what you mean Marwin yeah Marwin I'm
sorry I got that confused with Aquaman wait but you say you're saying okay
there's shitty movies I don't recommend it yeah I mean I can't believe playing
paint what that was Jesse remember New Year's Eve 2000 whatever
mini-stroke I'm out of it and we're sitting like in the fourth row at the
joint and at the hard rock and oh this is a great story I'm glad we circled back
and it's this is a beautiful time around the time that the white stripes were
breaking this is when the strokes were happening this is when inner pool we're
fucking jamming out in our era they were just starting to communicate their
fingerprint analysis with each other yeah yeah inner pole was like coming up
English you know I read a Jesse and the girl that you were with at the time oh
Alexis he was a crazy bitch
fuck well that notwithstanding there it is well we had extra tickets and you
like yeah man what's going on I go we got tickets like second row for the
prostitution for her she's okay she's not here to defend herself no Phil
Collins isn't either but you had nothing but praise for him
treat your ex-girlfriends as well as Phil Collins you're right you're right so
we said she's got an invisible touch head she takes you in
Jesse Jesse I don't know her but when she gets into your heart you never win
the same but now I know she's got a built-in ability to take everything you
see and now I know I'm falling I'm falling for her she seems to have an
invisible touch head hey yeah all right sorry it was it was specifically your
indulgence that triggered us to start one time what time do we all go back to
New Year's Eve though okay all right now now thank you thank you now the band
Felper revolver on stage it's the late great Scott Wilde of STP looking like
anorexic Finn he's got like one of them like police caps on his head like a
Nazi like officer hat on yeah okay yeah very kind of cold okay sure like faster
pussy cat kind of thing yeah take me down ish yeah just six million down so
we're sitting there and we're watching it it's like it's like 1145 form as well
and then a weird like man like a mr. clean but with a mustache dude Dave
Kushner nice which is now a marijuana strain what did I tell you shut up those
yeah yeah so anyway so we're watching it and it sucks and Jesse and I just
happened to be there we're like oh we're like four like four seats away and I
look I look over at Jesse and Jesse's looking at me and I go what do you think
about this because it's like 10 minutes to midnight on New Year's Eve and Jesse
looks at me he goes they fucking suck man I go that's what I want I want to hear
what you think sucks hang on I said I said beautiful boy Steve Carell's other
movie okay I'm gonna just say that no Jesse it may be a beautiful story but
like I don't really find it believable that there is a child born in Marin
County California that's addicted to Crystal Street meth don't buy that when
Adderall is so readily available I just that's a big leap of faith in the plot
that I really gotta you know but if we're gonna talk about prison reform how
unfair the justice system is and how redlined and rigged it is against people
of color you know and believe me too it's not you know black lives matter but
it's like when it comes to the poor no lives matter and we as a nation got to
like come up on that and when we do prison reform is part of that you know
but this is what I'm getting at and I think I remember what I'm getting at
and I'm trying to stall right now buffering buffering Jeff I can't believe
that I'm having a senior moment at the age of 39 but it happened no I'm just
kidding I'm just being false humble but let me tell you that no I am having a
senior moment it's tough to know I'm going in and out of it but I do remember
we were talking about Amy Grant and how beautiful and wholesome she was kind of
like Tori Amos before all the kids with Dean McDermott can you put Jesse on the
on the vocoder like oh yeah but did we get to the punchline of the Velvet
revolver concert that everyone is so invested in knowing the ending of Jeff
I said they I kind of think they suck man and I look down I go like what
because all this talent is on stage you got all these great rock stars I go what
is it that they're not doing and Jesse brought me goes where's the songs he
goes they got no songs and that was fucking brilliant yeah I mean and we
stood up oh shit we proceeded to party the rest of the night with carrot top
our brother party and with carrot top into Harmontown yet why the fuck not
we know he's got fun props I love the top yo the top I love the top I think the
top could work a room that's like audio and I can't see the problem ever meet
the top of the chart prison your life and carrot top he's let's answer the
question where are the songs let's hit it hit it for the hard-working prop
comic yeah no no hit hit something no hit a different less percussive it's more
about singing than rapping where are the songs is the question where the song
revolver had a great song slip slither which but other than that there was
really a lot of filler on that album you know so like there's one kind of like
a painful yo tell me your velvet okay and then we get over because we're with
Dan and you know what honestly Dan brother it is an honor being in your
presence I mean that from the bottom of my heart and it's like why the fuck am I
talking like over no no no no this is like being on fucking stern is being a
harm and down right now we're loving your and the way dance nonlinear
interviewing it's like Tom Snyder like but a little drunker and with the good
looks of Paul Rudd my god Dan is handsome okay I can see Dan marrying Eva
Longoria okay that level of hot obviously you can come back every week
okay obviously but I disagree with all of those points no I am not Chris
Hemsworth said is Dan Harmon our fourth brother where's the songs and our Billy
Baldwin to boo I tell you I'm telling you like I was so Amy Grant was like baby
baby I want a man and MTV was like hey she's Christian she won't she's like
singing about her husband and I was like yeah she is but like I'm gonna I'm gonna
fight I want a soil like I have the Hans the the Han Solo complex like I like
all of that lightsaber and a Christian lady the girls that I had crushes on in
high school they're like they weren't it was it was like there were the Amy
Grants like they it was like we're not crystal gal because crystal gale now
now that was well that was called my daughter yeah yeah the Red Linus sister
with the hair to the floor past the ass but hell yeah past the ass is also
Dan's latest musical EP available on itunes
Dan does songs with Paul Simon Bruce Owens be in the range and this is the lead single
co-written with Michael McDonald where are the songs
talking about singing with the lyrics my name is MC singer I like to hang out with
my finger pointing at the lyric style singing all the long day while I
like to sing to the top to the bottom fuck your mama so hard I belong in
Sodom and Gomorrah I think I'll come back tomorrow and fuck your mama again
biblically a freak yo my name is Yahweh MC Yahweh in the house make your wife
turn into a spouse if she looks back she's salt you could never call that
assault cuz the woman is subjected to fight through the Bible why from chapter
one to chapter four hundred thousand I'm the man that comes down howling on the
patriarch I got the glass ceiling and I got the fucking dick key unlock misogyny
with my big spiritual dick oh my god oh shit hey yo how are you doing over there
well my name is Joe but I don't have a care I'd like to put that to the test oh
well that would be fine I'm Joe I'm the best well your wife has AIDS oh that's
wow that's so does your maid oh no and so do your kids oh shit oh fuck your
house fell apart oh god I'm Joe but I hate I hate I hate I don't hate I love
it I love it I love I love being abused by God that's what I'm talking about I
love bring it down the house on top of people that pray to me oh get down on
your knees yeah oh my name is Yahweh yeah oh okay
hell yes Joe that was brilliant that is one of the our guys right there this is
the man who discovered childhoods game Pino now is Dan fucking Harmon I can't
basically gave him a hat Jesse and Jesse and Dan do you think you can
freestyle together a little bit can't we do something together yeah you gotta
beat think about us doing something together I'd be honored to be on the
track you can do the rapping Dan and then you might just put in like the
Rihanna hook yeah you put the hook on it all right this is the tale of Captain
Jack Sparrow that's been taken like that you got something for us
all right it's like John Travolta without the weave y'all it's seductive and
actually the dark looks a lot like Bruce Willis get ready for here we go
when I look at you I see the sky in my nose and my eyes I see you and I look
with you and I see your family Mike and I see love yeah the man sees the love all
the time he's got a big big heart and he wants you to know that empathy and love
are the best weapons that we have in this world tonight yeah
he's got a beautiful heart he's got a beautiful soul but when it comes to
gambling he's got no control it's true yeah but when he watches our Kelly or
we watch is a show that I'm talking about Nancy Grace yeah that bitch that
hoe yeah he gets pissed at her that bitch is full of shit
I like a lot of Colin like Colin Quinn we got to get Colin Quinn I'm a robot
where you at Amy yo Amy's husband is a dude named Clint Black and right now we
just want to we just want to talk to you Clint we just want to give you a
message listen we just want to have Amy and you over me and Dan have a time
share vocal return you want to fly you and Amy it'll just be you and Amy and me
and Dan three guys one woman will give you 25,000 we all share Amy if I'm
getting in trouble for having this out loud I feel I might regret that offer
okay yeah one thing that should be noted okay oh my god before this gets Michael
richardsy let me just preface this
green room is filled with peyote the original Indian from the village people
Greg is back there and he's smoking everyone out with peyote so that was just
me going way to the dark side I think that's a teachable moment and in fact
right now we were trying to make this song much like the end by the doors you
know like yet hello father yet son I'm gonna kill you that was a song father
and son kids like this is you each other with like father somebody that's
really what we were going for this was a play this was a one-act Dan and I wrote
this all over the New Year's weekend so again you know just a hero villain story
relationship with you Dan and I are both about monogamy we are both about
wearing special layers of underwear if that helps with the intimacy you know
we are gentlemen we do not mean to say that we wanted to plow your field that
was a miss quote that was a Sony email that we sent to Seth Rogan about his
afro at the time all right I don't know what more to say
like yo my thank you for coming to Holtown tonight everybody
for Jesse Kapp oh my oh I'm getting kicked off now after the Amy Grant
statement Jesse can't love Amy Grant also Kevin Day Spencer Crittenden and I'm
Jeff Davis a car controller your mayor is Dan Harmon the one and only Jesse
Kapp drive fast and take chances we love you all that was special
did you get any of that